---

layout: chapter
chapter: 1 
novel: uncrowned 
backlink: /novel/uncrowned 
permalink: '/novel/uncrowned/1' 
date: 2019-09-24T01:45-03:00 
title: Changing Eras

---

<**Moon Era, Year 70846. Orchid Archipelago. Magus World's North Pole.**> 

The once rich in nature archipelago has been obliterated, and now at the location of Magus's north pole one can only see destruction. The once livid forest is dry as are the rivers, the sky is cloudless and the air gloomy. Even as ground has been flatted not one being with life can be seen. Still, in spite of such conditions some weird soul was still able to keep some of their self-sense, holding to that very little life it has left, if that can even be called life.

---

<**Between the total destruction of the reality plane and the dreary emptiness of the spirit plane.**>

[ My sense of existence feels so fuzzy... ]

...

[ This sense of time and space is surreal, even keeping a line of thought is like reaching the sky. ]

...

[ I still remember bits of it... My choices, my actions, so how can I still have a sense of self? ]

...

[ However even if I kept a sense of self, I'm not sure how much time has passed, where I am, what I am or even if I succeed or not. ]

...

[ Does anything even matter? In the end it means very little, since the consequences cannot be avoided, the result will be only one: Death. ]

...

[ Is this death? Being drown in even more meaningless absurdity! ]

...

[ I know who I am, but what am I? Where am I? When am I? How... ]

...

[ After living for so long, there was no hope anymore! But could I even be allowed to be depressed? In the end I acted like a child in the middle of a tantrum, choosing the meaningless act of blind meaningless rebellion. ]

...

[ I only wanted some sense of freedom! Even if everything could be summed up was me failing on some deep self brought delusion, I still wanted it! ]

...

[ And even now despite everything... Regrets... So many... Strongest... ha... ha! HA, SUCH A BAD JOKE! ]

<**This existence kept drifting away without a set route for many centuries to come.**>

---

In this world, at this time, no one knew, but those thoughts were the last moments of an existence that has been this era pillar. The last thoughts of someone who lived for 10 whole millenniums and ruled as the absolute Emperor for almost his whole life. That was the last marks left in this world by Emperor Moon! The always cold, far and divine existence that unified the whole world was gone like that, in total despair. The only existence to go beyond everyone, breaking the known limits, the one to overthrow what it meant to be a Magus, the only one considered to have achieve the apex in the whole Magus World. He changed everything but left this world without any hope.

Emperor Moon ruled for so many millenniums that by the end of it no one knew how strong he was, due to him since long ago being so much stronger than everyone else. Without a point of reference, no one was able to realistically compare him to anything else. Despite the conflicting opinions of how strong Emperor Moon really was, the popular legend mostly accepted was that Moon was for sure a heavens chosen one. However, the only real reason such title as given to him, was to try to explain the absurdity of his talents, and that only someone favored by the heavens would be able to go so much further than anyone else. Only with the a divine blessing, would someone achieve the apex. 

While Moon unified the world, his rule was not tyrannical in a sense of ordering the world on doing his will. He never governed the world alone and neither he governed with an iron fist. Quite the opposite since he barely involved himself directly with the political structure and sometimes even stayed away from public view for long periods of time, as a result many called him 'Emperor in paper only' behind closed doors. However that didn't imply his Empire was ownerless, since with Moon's help many Sages joined hands together and built a stable political structure. It was with ample cooperation that his Empire came into fruition, and as such, the unification had many skillful subjects on power and the only reason Moon was the one given 'absolute control' was because of the fear in their heart, the fear of someone strong enough to erase them from history. For many there was no lack of desire in betraying the current Emperor and taking control over the world or at least a small part of it, but no one knew how to achieve a successful rebellion when up against such absolute power.

On that note one can explain Moon real position as the unconditional ruler. In the end power decides it all, since what can one do against absolute power? With a ruling with foundation on fear, he held the absolute crow and those who blinded opposed and rebelled were erased. Despite sounding tyrannical, Moon never cut everything from the roots without a reason, and because of that or due to fear not many had the courage to spoke ill of him as time passed. Since there was no hope for the overly ambitious subjects, they could only daydream about the honor of taking the absolute crown deep inside their hearts while the world entered in an era of extreme peace.

Since Moon ruling were never to directly fulfill his desires and despite the strict rules the power was distributed, having so many powerhouses governing the world together ended balancing the situation. Such subjects ended being only oversaw by the Emperor as they controlled each other. After a long time society got used to having that untouchable figure above all and the ones who were too ambitious at first had eventually moved in the wrong direction and were wiped out. Before Moon disappearing the ones who dreamed about taking the crown were very few. All around the World those who could be considered at the top understood that the crown was but a symbol since the power to govern the people and the lands were in their hands anyway, so there was no real reason to rise into conflict against such figure. It could be summed up that for millenniums Moon served was an anchor by representing the absolute law, and with such figure peace was built and people as expected given enough time got used it. It felt like change would never come, but that was proved wrong rather sooner than later.

To show how comfortable society was by the end of Moon ruling, no one knew exactly when Moon disappeared. Since the Emperor never stayed in the same place no one knew where he died either, or even when or why. Also the Empire despite having a capital, they never had the Emperor living with them, there was a castle but inside there were only formations left by their 'ruler in paper'. Moon used to stay away from public eyes for long amounts of time, so no one knew for sure nor did they want to assume he was gone forever. However, when they saw again and again events that Moon usually would intervene being solved by them alone they understood something was off, after a hundreds years or so without no signal from the Emperor people eventually had to accept the thought that Moon was gone. Many had high hopes of him coming back eventually, but that was only it, hope.

The crown represented the tyranny of governing this vast lands. Historically such unification was always preceded of unstable power and a great number of wars, however, the crown Moon carried was of long term peace, so as the millenniums passed the resistance against his ruling were almost non-existent. He acted only when he needed and mostly he expected people to respect the laws and not cause too much trouble. Some even had given the title of 'the cleaner of this land' to Moon, in addition to the 'ruler in paper'. Due to that, once he was gone there were no one else to clean up the mess when some powerhouse tried to usurp too much power and break the balance. Once he was gone the rare talent lost their main helper. Once he was gone many powerhouse lost their last backup on time of crisis. The world had lost its main pillar. A millennium after people noticing the end of the Moon era very few remembers how many the last Emperor had taught in the past and killed, since history little by little was forgotten, corroded by time, such knowledge became legends written in some tattered book. The population still knew the name Moon but this name only represented some far past, a legend of sort, like his ruling happened in some far away place. Little by little Moon was being forgotten, there were few legacies that focused completely on his teachings, the rules from the past were abandoned and the memories of the Moon Empire was only some historic tales reserved for storing telling times.

A millennium with Moon gone, the political situation was back into constant fight. Although, even until today no big war broke, that could be considered sort of the last legacy Emperor Moon left behind. However, everything that is stable without maintenance is surely to lose their shine with time. Push and pulling for power was back again a daily occurrence. Like always there were those who are too ambitious and courageous enough to fight the ones who held power over the lands.

A millennium was what it took to people to forget what it was like to be truly unified. A millennium was what it took to having a world known Emperor to turn into history. There are still many who values the times of peace, but if looked closely the power balance situation has regressed to something similar to what was before the unification. Even the last organization, founded at what once was considered capital of the empire, that still tries to voice their dreams of Emperor Moon's return, is considered nothing more that some joke those days. Many even consider them some religious naive lunatics, who can only dream about some long dead monster. 

New blood is running around, and existences that didn't experience the past now rule this world. The biggest fear of the Moonlight city rulers, prior Empire capital, is that it is only a question of time before bigger wars comes. After so long the chance has come and many ambitious people are starting to make their moves around the world, as they vie for the crow. It seems it is only a question of a few decades before crown war comes and with it the prospect of a new Emperor being born. However, if it was that easy to unify this big world would Moon be considered such legend? Who today in Magus can have such absolute control? Who can crush when needed and who can share what no one would? From war there can only be temporary and partial tyranny. A 'Emperor' may come into existence, but they may never represent the same, because even if the absolute crow doesn't require someone to be benevolent, it does require someone to held absolute power, because only by absolute power can one yield absolute control. 

<**The end of Moon Era.**>
