---

layout: chapter
chapter: 2 
novel: uncrowned 
backlink: /novel/uncrowned 
permalink: '/novel/uncrowned/2' 
date: 2019-09-24T01:45-03:00 
title: Baptism

---

<**Dusk Era, Year 72431. Star-ground Continent northeast region, Rain-green Kingdom.**>

At the Rain-green Kingdom's palace south pavilion, a chubby boy is running and jumping with a big smile on his face. Wearing all white, simplistic and elegant clothes, he seems to be excited after arriving at the Moon Shrine located at the center of the south pavilion. The young boy is forth prince, Dan Gold Ray, and at the center of his hectic actions is an old man wearing priest clothes.

Without even stopping, Dan yells: "FINALLY, 3 FULL CYCLES! I am finally old enough!"

Looking at the boy with a clear expression showing that he is too old to experience so much energy this soon in the morning, the priest tries to calm the prince down: "Forth prince, please don't run on the provinces, you may end up breaking something from the shrine."

The boy stopping instantly, he tides up his clothes, takes a deep breath and says: "Hi, good morning Sir, I am of age. Can we do the Moon Ritual and determine my aptitude?"

"I knew you were coming early so I prepared everything already, since you even wanted to do it before the time was right. However before going further, are we going to wait for his Majesty?" The priest asks as his expression turns serious.

Keeping the same smile Dan answers: "Nope, my father isn't coming, the shadow boy always inform him of everything that happens, but he never comes anyway, I haven’t seen him since the new year event and that is the only event they tell me to go anyway. So don't worry about waiting, if he wanted to come he would have informed us, can we start as soon as possible?"

"Alright come in." The old man says without knowing what reaction to show on his face.

<**Magical Ritual Baptism.**>

The Moon Ritual is available to everyone who achieve at least the age of 3, as those initial years people bodies experience a super fast growing and changing stage that don't allow any common examination to be effective. The baptism consists of an analysis of the body potential and has been available as a standard method since 13k years ago. It determines the body seed closest known classification, and it also determines shallowly the body innate abilities if any. It is normal seeing the public shrines filled everyday with children and their families coming to do the ritual, since in addition to being the most basic determinant of one ability be a magus, the ritual is also used to emit identity documentation that is accept throughout the whole world. 

Another incentive to not miss the ritual is that on those public shrines there is also available for cheap a collection of grimoires with balanced techniques and appropriate acknowledge for anyone who desires to buy it, the price only covering the cost of producing the copies, so is widely affordable. Most families would be more than happy to cover such cost if their children shows any sign of being able to walk the path of miracles. Such grimoires may not be god level legacies, but those are the perfect representation between the conjunction of easy and strong foundation or at least to the extent that those two extremes can go together. Even on strong families and organizations, many chose to start off with this foundation building material and most will even keep the soul power modeling technique as one of their core practices for their whole lives since soul related acknowledge is too rare.

The ritual is simple and the same all around the world. The children will be given a awakening pill and then they will sat down, with one of their hands they will hold a measuring stone inside an small container with an green medical fluid. After some time, it can take as much as a few seconds to a couple dozen minutes, the stone will slightly vibrate and change color. Once the reaction occurs, the stone is left behind and the children will take the liquid to one of the condensing and measuring formation, by feeding the mix a blood drop while in the center of the formation, the liquid will condensate and transform into a small stone status.

On those shrines there is always a few priests that are trained to read the signals inside the new formed stone, so one of them will generally read, interpret and write down the result of their analysis on a certificate with the children identity. The stone and the certificate is thus the children individual document.

---

At the south pavilion, Dan enters the shrine without any hesitation. The materials are already prepared at the place, since it is the shrine for the palace individual use, Dan is the only one at this place at this moment doing the ritual.

"If Lady was still in this world, I am sure she would be even more excited than forth prince. She loved seeing children doing the awakening, imagine her reaction for her own child? I am sure she would be happy for of you getting thus far and would want you to awaken to a live of fulfillment."

"I am sure she would be here since last night. Sir wouldn't have slept at all."

Dan knows a lot about his mother personality. The priest had a good friendship with his mother from even before she got involved with the king in regiment. The fact he knows too much isn't connected to Dan being too curious and asking, but it is mainly due to the priest always talking and talking about the past, at least talking as much as he can to a young boy, as there are many things one should not mention, but he is more than happy to give his good friend child at least a notion of how his mother was in the past so that this child can at least feel the love that was given him even before him being born. The priest always mourned about his friend losing her life so early and not being able to educate her child. He also gets even more sad every time he sees the boy being basically abandoned in such huge palace, with no one to love him. Luckily, the kid is really similar to his mother even if he doesn't remember her. He find peaces when he see that Dan is able to live happily and smile and not be drown in the loneliness of this place. For this priest, this child smile is the only reason he still stays in this place as the active priest. He had promised the mother that he would do everything he could to stay here until the ritual of baptism, and he did so even with external pressures trying to get him out of the position. He never understood why his friend asked to take care of the child specifically until the ritual could be conducted, but he knew that woman despite looking naive always knew exactly what she was doing, behind her innocent smile was a very cunning and very smart woman. 

"hehe… you do know you mother well... I think I talked about her too much. Alright, take the pill inside the cup, then sit down and take the stone and have both your hand and the stone in contact with the liquid and wait. Have patience forth prince, you shouldn't move too much around or the result may end up blurry."

After finally receiving the call he has been waiting for, Dan calmly sits down in position and wait. The priest even gets surprised by how the boy seem to be changed once in the middle of the ritual. Looking at the boy sitting with his eyes closed, one can but join the silence and let your thoughts wander.

A minute and an half later, the fluid started vibrating and one can see that inside the slightly translucent stone the once opaque gray color has turned darker, like the vibration has slowly eaten the light available within. 

‘Quite fast. Not bad, not bad. Forth prince has a good chance of getting a high graded seed.’ Thought the Priest after seeing the results coming out only after a bit more than a minute.

Dan puts the stone at the inner side of the table, the stone starts to slowly reverse back to its previous appearance. Then the chubby boy gets the container with his two small hands and looking back for only a moment and smiling at the priest, he starts running towards the formation yelling: "Lets go, lets go, one whole minute and a half, there is hope!"

The priest slightly shakes his head, feeling conflicted... 'Where did the mature looking and calm kid go?' he wonders.

"Forth prince, be careful!" The priest calls out, but inside he ponders: 'Sign… It is not like he will drop it anyway... he never breaks anything, but it still always gives me anxiety. Rather… It is more likely for the long lost Emperor Moon descend again than this boy letting anything spill at all, since he has been so obsessed with it and pestering me to advance the date since he learned about the ritual.'

By the time the priest got to the formation room, the boy was already pricking his finger to get the blood.

While keeping a even bigger smile than he normally does, inside his head the boy kept repeating 'Chaotic, chaotic, chaotic, chaotic...'.

After some time the liquid finally coagulated and compressed into a small stone, deep dark blue is its color with one clear and strong red vain in a zig zag pattern forming a small circle like its job is to pin point the ‘upper side’ of the stone, forming some sort of a simple crown.

'I got a variation of the deep blue orchid class. Not bad, not bad. I am a genius not seem on 100 years. This seed... I can crush it! I will crush it! I WILL FUCK OFF THIS POISONOUS PARASITE!'

"HAHAHAHAHAHA! I did it priest! I DID IT!" Dan starts yelling while laughing and jumping around.

"Ok boy, calm down, calm down, pass me the rock, I will make your certificate. I need some time confirming the seed type, lets go to the library room."

After giving the stone to the priest, the boy kept staring at him, like saying 'Go run, go run! RUN!'.

"Forth prince... I am not that young anymore, if you want you can go ahead, but it will not change how much you are going to wait. Have patience... You need more patience."

---

After going to the library, the moment the priest finishes the certificate, a man clothed in black appears at the priest side.

"Priest Symth, can I get this copy?" The black clothed man asks with a cold and emotionless voice.

Expecting the appearance of guard the priest passes the certificate immediately. "Yes you can take it away."

"Shadow boy you should wait, I need my copy too... SO MEAN!" Dan screams in vain, as the man disappears after taking the first copy of the certificate.

With a sad tone the boy continues, murmuring: "I thought he was gonna bother to get a copy after I got away first... They don't even bother to hide anymore."

With a sarcastic tone the Priest don't hold back in complementing the kid thoughts saying "After last year conflict... You still expect them to hide? How much did you cried and destroyed back then?".

Not expecting the perfect timely comment a slightly shocked expression can be seen in Dan's face.

"They are even creepier them my real shadow! Like some sort of evil spirit of the darkness! Who can get used to it? I really thought they were going to assassinate me!" He exclaims with a tone of someone unfairly blamed.

"I am still shocked that you even got those guys to show themselves at the first place." 'I really wonder what you did do... Better not know. Better not know at all. That are many things that are better never knowing!' The priest couldn't hold back, commenting on something that has been troubling him since the big commotion last year, but noticing he was crossing the line, he immediately goes on changing the topic back to the central topic of today events.

"Are you happy with the deep blue orchid seed? A seed with such enormous energy is most fitting for you. You will be able to run and jump a lot more!"

“I am such a calm boy, what are you implying? Also I can't run too much, I need to preserve my chubbiness! It is really hard to maintain it!", Dan says with a joking tone, while squeezing each of his chubby cheeks with two fingers.

"..." The priest face freezes, not knowing how to respond. ‘It really is her child... so young but also so shameless.’

---

Having got back his stern expression and after lecturing Dan for over an hour about the ritual and its results, the Head Priest finally finishes the ritual procedures by giving Dan the two things the boy has been pestering him about.

"Alright, you got you certification copied and the stone made into a necklace. If you have any question in the future remember to take both with you, so that the one you ask would actually be able to answer you if they can."

"Thank you, Symth!" The boy whispers, while bowing slightly and runs away, giggling.

Finally alone the boy can start to ponder about the results he got today.

'The enormous amount of energy will try to get in my way, but at least it isn't some deep rooted fucking seed that is impossible to deal with! While not a really easy one, it for sure will not take my life! And the deep blue sky innate talent of this heart body is amazing for my situation right now! While it has really limited initial applications, but I will be able to develop spatial capabilities so soon! By focusing on one application I can find a way to hide stuff and finally solve one of the biggest issues I would have. It is really comedic how the seed representation looks like a crown in the stone, it should rather be a chain, at least that way it would be a more fitting analogy. While it is sorrowful seeing the world standards valuing the seed even more, it isn't surprising since they always tended to do that. At least this regression makes it easier for me to hide any mark left behind by my developed soul and people will not be looking into the progress of my innate heart ability development, since they don't expect such a thing to happen.'

'They can do whatever they want, but I will never change my mind. I need to crush it! I need to prepare, need to prepare, prepare, prepare... ... 6? maybe 5. I need to aim at 5, any more than that it may get too dangerous. The issue will be getting everything ready while hiding it. Even with my show last time they are still creeping around me. Gotta ask for a study room. Hopefully I can get at least some dark room in some random corner of this palace. The biggest advantage of being born with such status, even the cheapest of the study rooms have protective formation so that information don’t leak, since privacy is important on such places. If I can get my hands on one I can fortify it later too and get away with hiding what I do, since they can't openly destroy the formations.'
