---

layout: chapter
chapter: 3 
novel: uncrowned 
backlink: /novel/uncrowned 
permalink: '/novel/uncrowned/3' 
date: 2019-09-24T01:45-03:00 
title: Forth Prince Hobby
 
---

<**North pavilion, at the King study room.**>

The King is looking at the copy of Dan certificate delivered some time ago.

The kings talking to himself says "It seems the boy took after his mother... although, will he be as cunning as her?"

While at a desk preparing some documentation, the King right hand asks: "Your majesty, when will be the date of this announcement?"

"Make it as late as possible. The ancestral law didactic that it can be as late as a whole week, so make it like that."

"Alright sir, gonna archive it for now, so I will take my leave."

After his subjects leaves, the king falls into deep thought. 'Why deep dark? It is not fitting to battle and neither is it fitting to be a vessel of our ancestral technique. So trash, I ended up not being able to even puppet it. It seems that this is my lost for now.'

At his side a shadow guard appear.

"Your Majesty, forth prince is asking for the basic ‘moon ascending’ grimoire collection, the whole pack and also he is asking about the availability of a study room with basic utilities."

Stopping reading... the King frowns.

"Does he knows? Cunning... It seems he doesn't want to make his foundation with our family technique. He really isn't fitting in any way... Give him the books. About the room, be vague, inform him that it may take a week or two. Let him wait." After taking a deep breath, the King continues: "14, come forth."

Another shadow guard appear to his right.

"Go and make sure it is as basic as it can get."

"Which room would it be sir?"

"The crown prince room indeed, we can't give him another one, even if we want to. He even asked for it, but clean it tho. Make sure that if he doesn't ask addition utilities, do not give it to him."

"Alright."

"You can both take your leaves."

Both guards got away as fast as they appeared.

<**Bluelea Garden**>

Back at a the garden connecting south and west of the palace the chubby boy is alone and yelling from time to time.

"Shadow boy appear! Magic! Boom!" Dan yells while making weird poses and faces.

"From the shadow comes the boy!"

"Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake shadow!"

"1, 2, "

Without any warning the shadow guard suddenly appear by the road side.

"Forth prince, here are the books you asked for."

"Woooww" the Dan fells on his bottom, making an angry face, he yells at the guard.

"Hey shadow boy you should warn me... Or at least measure you timing. SO MEAN!"

As he never heard anything the guard continues informing the boy what is needed.

"A study room will be prepared. It will take a few weeks. Also I recommend you should get to understand the prerequisite for its use, before being able to use it freely. I will take my leave."

Leaving the books at Dan hands, the guard once again disappear.

"Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shadooooooww!"

The boy turns around and leaves singing, shaking his bottom and throwing his hand up in the air.

---

Arriving at another place in the west pavilion, Dan encounter two other boys.

"Look, who it is. Forth prince, the chubbiest of them all!" One of the boys greets with a playful smile.

The new boy is the third prince, Paul Gold Ray, together with his study buddy, Tomas Lux, the son of one of the ministers.

"I dind't know you could read, I thought you only knew how to eat, so many books! what is it, what is it?"

Taking the certificate and books from Dan hands, Paul turn around and says to his friend.

"Look Tomas, Dan got the ritual done, I didn't even know it was time! mmm... Orchid, is that good? Never heard of it."

"Orchid roots are know for it enormous amount of inborn energy, not much else." noted Thomas.

"See, it fits chubby well. He must have eaten util even his seed is full too. Hahahahaha." laughing without stopping, Paul can't hold back at his own tasteless joke.

Turning around, Dan gets walks in the direction of the place the two boys were leaving from earlier with a smile in his face.

"Hey hey hey, where are you going?" Paul asks.

Dan turns around whispering "Gonna tell Med-Boss you stole my thing!" and then gives his tongue to the two slightly older boys.

Paul throws the certificate in Dan direction "Who freaking wants such thing..." he speaks, but continuing in a whispering tone "Idiot."

After it hitting him, Dan gets the certificate back and runs in. Like it is his happiest day ever.

"Why is he always so happy." Thomas sincerely asks.

"Not sure man, not sure... maybe my brother is not right in the head." Paul gestures with his finger point at his head in a circular motion.

"Maybe he will get to be a priest, doesn't he spend a lot of time in the shrine? His seed are fitting too, since it has a bigger reserve of energy.”

"Hahaha, maybe maybe... Lets go train tho, we are wasting too much time. Gotta get better results against second next time." Paul changes the topic.

Both of them leave towards the opposite direct Dan came from.

<**Inside the palace pharmacy.**>

"Med-Boss, I am here!"

"Forth prince, why you still keep calling me by such weird nickname? Why don't you call me like everyone else does?"

"I am special on your heart!" Dan answer while putting his two hand on on his chest.
Trying to not being affected by the little boy sweet words, the woman goes directly to the point, 
"What do you need boy?"

Showing the things in his hands Dan responds, "Certificate! I GOT MY CERTIFICATE! Also, Symth told me to ask to some extra lion cloud flowers, since my root is actually a small unknown variation."

"Are you trying to rob us again?", Med-Boss inquires, looking suspiciously at the boy from over the counter. 

"No. Do you want to see my stone to confirm?", Dan says pointing at his necklace. 

"Nope, no need. The thing this time around is cheap anyway. Why lie tho. Give me some time, since I am free I am going to prepare it right now."

Not bothering to check, the woman stops inquiring. However, she wasn't deceived by the boy playful manipulation, since she was already used to it, she only thought of this 'extra' was another play by the young prince.

He has done everything he can to get his hands on random stuff, but, when she informed the advisor, she was instructed to not mind too much when it is something harmless and that the boy is 'only playing around' since his mother died when he was too young. 

Despite being nicknamed Med-Boss by Dan, she was responsible with more than the medicine distribution, being more closely to a common resource manager. Although, the boy seems to not care about that, since he kept calling her Med-Boss since the first time he met her, 1 year and a half ago when he was sick. He was by then, 1 and a half years old, half through the first 3 years of fast development of his body, by that age he could already walk and hold a average conversation, and when he went through a painful spur of growth, one of the royal doctors ended passing by her office with him to get medicine and it was by the end of that encounter that she was given such title by Dan.

After their first encounter they got to met a lot of times, but only a couple could be really considered for serious business, while the others it was Dan trying to get his hand on all kind of things, from paper to ink, from snacks to musical instruments, from hand mirrors to dices, from books to anything else he could play with. 

Being accustomed to his obsession, she instantly pinpointed his extra query as something due to his weird habit. But what would he do with some extra lion cloud flower, she didn't know, maybe he want some snack, since it is commonly used in food recipes too, so she didn't mind giving him some since it was such a normal product anyway.

---

"Remember to take in the moment you are ready to sleep, not earlier, not later."

“Yes!" whispering "Thank you, Med-Boss!"

Then the boy goes again running away, leaving the grandma responsible with the pharmaceutic sector with a smile in her face.

‘Gonna get chubbier! yeeeeee... yeeeeee… need to bother shadow boy again! yeeeee… yeeeeee… yaaaa', this time around the singing could only be done internally in his mind.

Running back to his living space located back at the south of the palace, considerable close to the shrine, the first thing he does is to sit on a table in the open area near the entrance with the book, the certificate and the medicine.

Soon he goes into 'reading mode'. From shadow guard perspective, Dan is as focused as one can be reading one of the books the boy had left in the table yesterday, it seems to be one of the new books specially picked to broaden the boys views on the many occupations and its connection to the certificate he got today.

However, inside the boy's head was something totally different from the subject present in the page he is currently reading.

'With the extra flower, some of the medicine I have saved and part of the original moon ritual medicine I can almost make a good level destabilizer potion. Doing such rudimentary alchemy is quite a pain tho, since I am so limited in materials. In addition to what I have, I need sunflowers too... and I don’t have any and extra protein to eat either, if I can't get some extra I am going to get sick again from after effects. I can't wait to actually start supposedly learning alchemy, at least by then I can at least get my hands on average recipes material, having that as a start point will give me many more options for what I can produce. Even then I still need to focus on a remote way to steal a few things, but my soul has been having such a hard time in this body. Is breaking the balance between my soul and the seed even a good choice right now? I shouldn't, but I can't delay it even more! I have already been holding back until so far, so I need to make due with what I have and the knowledge I got today from the ritual. Getting my hands on the stone is the last concession I will make, from now on things need to change and I need to start taking risks, because I do want to be able to get rid of the seed, if not why even bother to live again!'

'From everything from today, the only thing bothering me is that I wasn't expecting to actually get the room so easily... Will I really be allowed to study on some random dark room? I was only fishing for some, and if they told me I wasn't getting one, I would then transform this place into one. It may take too much time working in here, but I would eventually be able to 'learn formation' and be allowed to set one here. Although I would need to show a bit more than average talent and interest on formation, but I had my hands on some formation prep book already, so it wouldn't be too much out of character. A room with a formation ready would be so much better tho... Those brothers of mine always get to waste time bothering my chubbiness here, so if I had some other place it would be for the best. I don't even know if I would be really able to work here, or better saying allowed, since I am sure those kids would love to bother me and destroy something valuable. sign... Actually, they may break everything before it being usable, even if not out of malice but only out of curiosity. No... Actually of of malice AND curiosity. It is not like there would be any consequences for them or punishment at all coming from my oh great father. Royalty is so often such useless parents that I really wonder how this system even works sometimes. Yeah, in this case a room from the palace would be better, I would control it and they would not be able to play their 'only vising my brother' cards, it is not like they have the courage to destroy some palace structure. Sad, how I can't even include my small corner as something from the palace, they all know I have been abandoned in this place alone and normal punishment from breaking a thing or two wold never be carried out. I don't think they will ever change, so forcefully keeping them out is the only option, it is actually a good thing study rooms must have some real protection since education and business is always held with so much importance.'

---
'Deep dark color is indeed my favorite... That reaction on the measuring stone almost gave me total ecstasy... Unfortunately I am still 3, so my body isn't mature yet, or else...'. 

Giggling the boys continues to be in deep thought.

'So good tho! I almost cried seeing the dark tone in the measuring stone. Who would thought I would feel such strong emotion again on this ritual, it kinds make me nostalgic.'

'Space... Space... Freaking space... SPACE affinity! I can hide it all away! It is the best innate ability to be inconspicuous. This may not help much with me getting away, since I will have no fast movement skill or strong fighting ability, but who cares! I can have my own space! I am sure for the rest I can find other ways. Also, in the far future after getting my hands on more high level drugs I can even try awakening it further and dive into teleportation. It is unfortunate that the world seems to hate any space derived magic, so I will be restricted to one of my practical workarounds.'

---

'I can't be happier. This father of mine must be so angry! Orchid, dark and blue. Having inherited something that is not fighting focused is the best way to avoid everything to do with his heritage. Not only will his hidden technique not be applied to me, since I can't learn it, I will also get away from the dumb fighting against fifth. And with my interest in formation and alchemy, there is no way they can force me into something weird. Hopefully at best I can get a few years before needing to bail. At worst at least until I crush the seed. If they give me a room, I should immediately prepare too, but for now I should take the initial medicine and... mmmm...'

"SHADOW BOY!".The yell breaks the silence in this place. Appearing at his side again the hidden guard asks: "Yes forth prince, what can I do for you?"

"I changed my mind!" Dan keeps yelling, like it is something so obvious.

"?" the guard tilts his head in confusion, having no clue what the little prince is talking about.

"I want to eaten chicken! Spice chicken with the special sunflower recipe! Also, lemon juice! Can you inform the kitchen to change my order?", Dan finally details his order.

"Yes". The guards coldly responds, after being given the details and disappears. Back at the table the silly boy changes his appearance. His eyes gets an even darker blue tone, highly focused. Eyes from something experienced in life. Unfathomable. Unforgettable. Eyes that can see it all and drive people into a crazy state. 

With a deep sign Dan finally has some time alone. 'Finally away, I need to get it done fast.'

Dismantling the medicine pack prepared for the night, Dan takes two ingredients and put it inside another cup available at the table. As fast as he dismantled he puts everything back together. In a instant it was like nothing was taken away. Putting some water inside with the two ingredients, he then inserts the status stone inside it and adds some soul energy in the mixture. A fervent reaction begins to take place inside the cup. The reaction mixes everything together, turning the mixture into some green liquid and Dan without hesitation drinks it all. Using some extra water mixed with his soul energy to clean the cup, he also drinks that too. Straight after this event, he goes back at his position of 'reading mode', nothing seemed to change, only the level of the water jar went down a bit, a common representation that the boy was naturally a bit thirsty and drank some. Not long after, out of the boy sight the shadow guard came back on doing his job of half protecting, half observing this unfavorable prince day to day actions.
