---

date: 2020-01-01T08:08-03:00
title: The Past And The Future

---

Having a good time with the alcohol and food, Ben finally asks something that has been bugging him.

< ”You seem reasonably surprised, so I can only assume you never found anyone else from Earth?” >

Seeing the old man changing his language, the two people, who don’t understand, focus on their food and drink even more.

< ”I haven’t. Have you found others?” > Gin asks, surprised.

< ”I did find three. 

One was a knight, but I only took a look from afar, unable to confirm it, not daring to handle the consequences of talking directly. This guy was a character from the north, involved with the church, and considered a holy figure. He was famous for his wicked personality. 

I also found a woman. She was an intriguing character, but was excessively crazy, a bit too crazy for me. She insisted on talking about how I should serve her and how we were going to conquer the world. Despite her weird and obsessive behavior, she was indeed a genius. Unfortunately, she didn't break it.

For the last, he couldn't even talk and had a short life. He was a pitiable creature." >

< ”Break what?” > Ginn gestures, confused.

< ”Expectations. She lived within the boundaries of a genius, but her ambition was so much more.” >

< ”Are they gone?” >

< ”Unfortunately, they are all dead. Those lived between two and one thousand years ago, but I can give you their information if you want to search for historical records. However, do keep in mind that while I located only a few, I probably haven’t found more because I didn’t look hard enough. Not like I can waste my whole life searching for people I don’t even know. And finally, consider that this world might have an objective. We may haven’t come here randomly, at least this is my guess so far, but unfortunately I don’t have any details or concrete proof.” >

Ben then writes their detail on a piece of paper. Once he gives Ginn the information, Benn begins to drink again, his posture telling others he has talked all he wanted to.

< ”I will probably get to see what is going on once I arrive at the top.” >

< ”Probably.” >

< ”Is this all?” >

Ben doesn’t speak and only moves his head in agreement.

“Now, with that out of the way, we should discuss: why you came here? Isn’t this sufficient warming up?” Ben says, as his patience is running low.

“Alright, you truly want to get to the point! I will still say we should work together, as that will be beneficial for both of us.”

Ginn takes a deep breath as he begins to explain why he appeared here.

“We were searching for you because of your ability to cure that specific poison. Someone close to me is suffering from it, and we didn’t find any way to extract it, and for now, we can only stabilize her condition. I sent people here and was willing to come here hoping we could make a deal, as I believed someone with such ability wouldn’t die so easily. Please name your price and conditions. I must add tho, as you know such poison is very potent, so we can’t move her right now, so the deal must include you going somewhere.”

“Did you rein it?” Ben asks, puzzled. *‘That is so much harder.’*

“We weren’t able to administer the optimal treatment in time, so we could only gain time. Unfortunately, even after searching for months, we didn’t found someone able to deal with the poison after its incubation time, and while things only keep getting complicated, we are still able to hold on for now.” Ginn sadly explains.

*[sigh]*

Ben begins to ponder about the case. His face grows cold, as he begins to weight his situation. He is surrounded, and before him is a strange one, even between the ones he met so far from Earth.

*‘My guts tell me he will break it. Strength, followers, close friends, and genetic privilege. Confident, daring, and seems to be wealthy. However, this could be a play.’* Ben looks at the alcohol bottle.

*‘I can only try to play my own game with my rhythm since I can’t avoid the hot potato right now.’*

Ben becomes the focus of everyone, but they can only see an unreadable expressionless old man.

Having decided how he wants to play, Ben starts listing his condition.

“Is she your lover or family?” He asks Ginn.

“Yes, she is my wife. We married last year.”

*[deep breath]* *‘I see.’* Having the last piece of information he was sure to get reliably, Ben starts mentioning his condition.

“One: A one time use spatial treasure as a fallback. The issue if I can use it promptly or not is on me, don’t worry about such detail, but don’t get a trash one either.”

“Two: I will give you a list, they will be all average or slightly above average stuff, of what I would like you to buy a substantial amount. The storage is on you, as I don’t bother walking around with one since it is an invitation for disaster.”

“Three: I want one item at the level of a VIP auction. The item can be your choice.”

“And four: Money. Enough money to buy this town. Ah! Do keep in my on the currency, since I am not an idiot. I think saying this much should be sufficient.”

A sly smile appears in Ben’s face. He decides to add a fourth point on a whim, as he remembered how they were talking so casually about such values.

“I shall not accept any treasure others may call heaven’s defying. Don’t give me something that can’t be bought, as I still want to keep this poor little life.” ‘I don’t value them as much as others anyway.’

“Alright,” Ginn responds with a big smile since this was way easier than he expected. He believes having the same origin helped in making this deal.

“Should I get Mirana to make the contract?” Yukk asks as Matt tries to stay silent.

Before Ginn can agree to the proposal, Ben interrupts them.

“Don’t bother. This deal will rely on my shallow trust of you. We aren’t equals anyway.” ‘An empty contract helps no one. It only creates a false sense of security.’

With such development, even Yukk begins to frown. Not fully comprehending why.

*[sigh]* Ginn is the one to sigh this time, awed on how full of worries and doubt Ben is.

*‘Someone who lived this long must have constructed a new mindset. The one from Earth is only a shadow of the past. Sad.’*

“Be the way you want. This deal will rely on my promise alone.” ‘Hopefully, this ends well. I have no other track to follow, and my love depends on this. The other options involve me becoming stronger, even faster than planned, but that may backfire. Powerlessness is, indeed, the worst.’

“I must ask, Is the source of the attack the same?” Ben begins to fish for details. *‘Please be the same, if I get there and can’t cure it, that will be such a disaster.’*

“Probably. The confusion about the identity of the attackers is very similar. So I can only assume they were from the same group.” Ginn comments about the offenders.

Surprised, Ben thinks: *‘they still weren’t able to pinpoint who the enemy was.’*

“Hey old man, what the fuck was metal poison about?” after completing the deal, Matt finally felt free to ask something that was bugging him since the day he read the report his friend shared with him. The few words Ben said before ‘dying’ were too confusing.

It takes a moment for Ben to understand what precisely the easy to anger red fellow is uttering.

“Ah, you mean Blue sky metal poison?” *‘Did they missed the connection between the tips I worked so hard on giving them?’* Ben is amused.

“That isn’t how we call the poison. So are you able to cure it, if you are even getting the name wrong?”

“Your assumption is wrong. Who said I was talking about the wild and rapid-acting poison? Frankly, I don’t know its name since it has a secretive origin. How could I know anyway? It shouldn’t have one, at least not within the classics. That I am sure of.” Ben, this time, is bewildered at how wrong they can receive a simple tip. *‘Was this why no success was achieved so far on pinpointing the enemy?’*

“Then, can you tell us what you meant? People assumed you got the name wrong. This conclusion was even on the report about the event available on the Sect.” Yukk intervenes.

Ben looks at Ginn. He sees the young man deep in thought and waits for his guess.

Playing the game, Ginn says: “Are the attackers the ones suffering from such poison?”

< ”Bingo!” > “Delusion, kids, delusion!” Ben confirms.

Blue sky metal poison is a particular substance that causes intense pain and fast internal organs deterioration. However, it causes other effects, as those who suffer from such poison can also have their aura disturbed and cultivation slightly destabilized. Cultivators can even end up suffering from deviation due to it, in extremes case resulting in an explosion.

Those guys attacking back then were all surprisingly showing signs of poison, and such condition should aim to achieve two things: one, they were a suicide squad that, two, had hard to read auras.

Enlightened, Ginn looks at his friend with an expression of satisfaction. “I will certainly get you something nice next!” *‘His random question this time around was on point!’*

“Was the third step you guess at their cultivation?” Ginn then asks the last confusing bit from the report.

Ben confirms it with a movement of agreement with his head.

Matt is speechless. *‘We were the ones getting it all wrong!’*

“So dangerous...” Yukk whispers his thought out loud.

“They are professionals. So, for all that matters, my safety and sanity, you must maintain the act that they were successful back then. Please don’t involve me with such an issue.” Ben says with a solemn expression

“Coward...” Matt whispers. *‘Does he not even desire a bit of revenge. He is truly a weird old man.’*

“So be it.” Ben doesn’t even bother to go against such accusations.

“This should at least put us in some good track. If you think of anything else, you can tell it to me directly, and I will ensure to keep it confidential.” Ginn agrees to Ben’s condition.

He then adds, “I will begin to prepare the first payment for our deal then. You can wait in our temporary home in this town. They can show you the way and ensure your existence is hidden.” Ginn says as he points to his people.

Ben nods his head but adds.

“I need to get a package first in a store nearby. Appoint the best one at hiding tracks to follow me for now. I will go to your dwelling once I retrieve it. I will write a list of what I want once I arrive there too.”

Precisely knowing who to appoint, Ginn sends a bit of his aura outward, calling someone.

Behind Ginn appears Yukk’s identical twin, Yuri, the one mentioned before.

“Yuri, the deal was successful. So follow Dyn Myer to a store nearby, allowing him to retrieve something, but make sure to hide the traces from where he came and to where he is going. Then take him to our temporary base.”

After accepting his order, Yuri disappears again.

“You are free to go after your meal. While I would like to leave as soon as we can, I still need to inform my sect of my leave before parting, so you can take your time and rest at my place for now. We will leave tomorrow morning at best.”

Ginn then prepares to leave, so he can handle his sect mission situation. He plans to deliver the spatial treasure first, as he believes the elder must find having that the most fundamental condition due to his safety. Ginn assumes since Ben asked, he must have a way to activate it even while surrounded and in danger.

“See you later,” Yukk says goodbye, while Matt leaves after a simple acknowledge with his eyes. They both followed Ginn out of the isolation.

Soon the principal interference disappears, and Ben can see people in his surround again. However, he soon notices no one seems to be able to notice him. He then heard, what appears to be Yuri, for the first time.

“The restaurant bill was already paid. Now, you can either continue eating or leave to where you need to go. Once you are close to the store, inform me, and I will uncover you.” Yuri says in a cold tone.

Ben acknowledges with a nod and begins to eat again, this time enjoying it, as he feels free from the initial pressure due to the surprising encounter. While eating his first meal in a while, Ben takes notices of his surroundings. After the withdrawal of the veil of secrecy, he sees the number of people surrounding him and how professional they act. 

*‘They are quite well hidden even without the major system.’* Ben thinks

They all waited until Ben finished, and once he finally decided to leave, they began to clean the whole place up, working hard so that such an encounter didn’t seem to have occurred.

**---**

Walking down the street, Ben judges Yuri's skill level.

*‘I can only sense his presence slightly, even after focusing for quite a while knowing he is there. I am envious since being able to hide oneself is such a great skill to have. One can come and go with some minimal worry of unwanted eyes.’* 

Ben walks towards the store he visited so many times before while contemplating if he will ever master his skills to such a polished level. He then begins to think about the discrepancy, and how his existence was only forcefully achieved after heavy blows and repeated trials, resulting in it being rough and unnatural.

*'My sense of self has been breaking down, as I feel less and less like a potential hack in the system and more and more like a deformed piece hacked into an unsightly state. I can still apply the term hack, but the impression feels so different. Ah, life is rough, and even now that I seem to finally have found in this game a destined piece of some sort, it is too late. I can't take the risk and go adventure, as I am not that free anymore. However, we probably wouldn't have met if I was from this generation, so I can't blame my age.'*

*[...]*

*’Why did I keep my memories? How did I keep my memories? Will I lose myself eventually? I don’t want to become someone’s else example of what not to do. I don’t want to be manure for someone’s field. I have been oblivious, but I don’t want to die like that, like a worthless piece, a fleeting tinkle. Once conscious of the secrets of this reality, how could I not confront such an existential crisis. Will I ever regret my choices? I wonder when did I begin to hate genetic privilege, the so-called talent, and stopped craving it. I have changed, I am not Philip anymore, the one from Earth died with time. What is left?’*



