---

date: 2020-01-18T02:00-03:00
title: Lies And Insights

---

*'Look at this! She, indeed, holds an influential position.'*

After taking a casual look at the formal letter, Ben closes the box.

"Please thanks your master back on my behalf. Tell her I am highly satisfied with the gift, and that I wish Eloise a full recovery."

He doesn't mention a meeting, nor farther requests, and, after she takes a last look at the calm elder, the girl bows again and departs at a leisurely pace.

Ben finds the way to his room. Once in the bed, he takes a closer look at the box. First, he puts the official letter of gratitude aside, as it doesn't mean much and can be summarized as a thank you. Ben is more interested in what is below. Finally, he notices what the old papers are.

*'They be baiting me like there is no tomorrow? Or else, why would they put in isolated pieces of knowledge like this?'*

The old papers consist of three pieces of information: one pill recipe, one defensive array drawing, and a stealth technique. After looking at their level, Ben concludes the tree pieces should be high-end knowledge from the Volcano repository, and he estimates that such level of information should be available to new low-level Elders or people with very high achievement. However, they alone don't do much.

*'Those aren't some secretive knowledge. However, perhaps they aren't sure I can predict their level? Or maybe, this is only them showing their intention at what kind of stuff they would be willing to provide me if asked within limits. Anyway, if they were trying to entice me, this is useless... Not because it isn't great, but because I can't use this, as most of those need a strong cultivated soul.'*

Storing the old papers away in his new ring, Ben looks at the old book at the bottom of the wood box.

*'Now, this is interesting.'*

["INSIGHTS"] is written on the book hardcover in vibrant white color. From it, some fluctuation in energy radiates. Not only the paint is refined, but the rest of the book materials is too. Everything is of high quality, from the hardcover to the paper and paint inside. The book is processed to last a long time. Not hundreds or a few thousand but millions if even slightly well stored.

Inside this class of book, information is not only stored in the text, but also in the paper itself. Although the most valuable unit is the original one, constructed by the author, a copy that passes through a multitude of vigorous quality requirements is still invaluable. Unfortunately, a copy of a copy loses even more of its initial quality, remaining by then not even one percent of the original. As a result, keeping the original book in perfect conditions is a must, as only this way can such knowledge disseminate further.

However, the loss of the extra information doesn't stop people from copying those books. Even if it is only the text, those are still words of great characters.

For instance, Ben has read the book ["INSIGHTS"] in the past, but he could only get his hands on an energyless copy. By then, the deep insight from the book was unavailable, and the content left was only its shell. Unfortunately, for the common-folks, such an object is already considered a treasured legacy.

Ben did know Volcano had the original unit, but he never thought he would receive an original copy. Since each copy costs an astronomical amount, a long time, and a ridiculous effort to make, even an organization like Volcano only gift such thing rarely.

Because he understands its rarity, he can't hold back and begins to read it immediately.

He takes the book in his hand, felling its material. Next, he carefully opens it and takes a look at the first page.

["Insights by Chloe Volcano"]

*'It truly is... a copy of the famous book from their most long-lived leader. Chloe. She was never considered the strongest, nor the smartest, nor the craziest, but once she kept living, because of the time she spent leading the Sect, she became their most famous ancestor. According to the rumors, she was older than me right now when she finally passed away. That puts her on top 50 of the most long-lived individuals from known history.'*

Not wasting time, Ben begins to read the book.

> INSIGHTS
>
> To my family that will keep on living, good luck.
>
> Written by Chole Volcano.
>
> Chapter 1:
>
> We all begin by seeking strength. However, at the end of becoming stronger, there is only weakness.
>
> [...]

*'Weakness...'* *[sigh]*

Every word is written beautifully and filled with intertwined essence. Because the book radiates energy settled in highly specific ways, when you read it and use all your senses on it, it is like grasping so slightly the will of the author. Such a technique uses the same fundamental principle that complex fields like Refinement, Arrays, and Alchemy employ. However, this is a purer form of implementation. The book only has one objective: to cause an indirect illusion by exciting the reader's senses. Whatever one takes from such a piece of art still depends on their ability, knowledge, and willingness to put it to practice.

Because of its subject, ["Insights"] is a remarkably popular book, but not between high-level characters. Chloe's most famous legacy didn't aim at her peers or those who would do anything to gather strength. This book finds its place in-between the novices and mortals dues to its marvelous take on longevity and well-being.

However, due to ["Insights"] nature, despite it being an astonishing work, it is not widely spread, not even within the ranks of Volcano Sect. Unquestionably, Chloe reached heights few have ever reached towards longevity, but how can a Sect like Volcano stand the test of time if they can't defend themselves? Because of that, even Chloe herself left strict orders to limit the access to this work.

As a result, the book, which anyone without context would believe to be a must-read to every Volcano's successor, isn't part of their primary teaching material. Because Chloe's achievements were within the pacifist realm, and such a path doesn't fit such a war filled world.

>[...] My biggest advice would to never consider your body a weapon only. Foremost, your body must be YOU, so treat yourself with care, with the same care you would treat your cultivation, with the same care you would treat your soul. [...]

*'Such advice would only be applicable for those with a soul of a certain quality. How would you cultivate if you had no talent in doing so? To lack such characteristics is unreasonably common.'*

Before everything else, Chloe Volcano was a scientist. Her book goes in great detail to explain how she achieved every single given insight. For example, her work began when she observed her two older twin brothers. While watching them cultivate and change, her curiosity towards the effect from different paths of cultivation born, and from that day on, she never stopped inquiring everyone around her more and more.

>[...] My brothers were bright stars in my sky. By going farther first, they led me to a new path. To my fortune, I had little talent. I could not be impatient. [...]
> 
>[...] My gratitude first goes towards my close family as they cared for me. However, it was the Volcano Sect that made my achievements possible, as only it could provide me the comfort to explore uncharted areas. [...]

*'Now, reading it anew, made me remember that wasn't something like this a famous quote back on Earth too? Something like, you need the basic needs before innovating. Why did I miss this last time?'*

Because the book included more than words, Ben's reading speed became quite slow. As a result, he went on reading through the night.

>[...] Be patient. Be careful. Washing your internal network, as mentioned, will bring incredible results corresponding to one's sensitivity towards techniques. [...]
> 
>[...] Value your blood. I would advise the use of a general full blood refinement for anyone seeking mastery in technical fields. [...]
> 
>[...] The aforesaid meditation method will turn your soul robust around your heart. While the initial results will be considered substandard, in my later years, I found the corresponding development crucial when struggling to achieve stable longevity. [...]

["Insights"] gives remarkable details of Chloe's research and her conclusions towards a diverse assortment of matters. Often, she stops her mixed in auto-biography to provide examples and its related relevancy. Every piece of advice has a context, and each context its limitations.

The whole time, Ben focuses on reading. He compares his conclusion to hers and tries to excavate hidden meaning with his ability to sense a bit of Chloe's will.

Ben turns down a few invitations during the next day and stays in the room.

>[...] We are allowed to improve ourselves. We can choose how to evolve, how to better ourselves. So when deciding which path you must take, do so cautiously. When deciding what to do to yourself, do so carefully. [...]
> 
>[...] If you chose longevity, you must know why. Clear your mind, so that your whole body doesn't crumble away even before its time. What do you seek? Be clear. [...]
> 
>[...] To this problem, the solution would often be discipline. Hence, cultivate it, as much as you do your soul and body. [...]
> 
>[...] The full moon perfectly contrasting the black sky was the best view I ever saw. Those mountains seem to affect people in a way that would make anything seem spectacular. [...]

Ben kept on reading. Without him even leaving the room once, the second night came. Nevertheless, he didn't stop. Later, he notices the second day arriving, and he eventually stops, since he has an auction to go. However, before getting ready, he stores the book away inside his chest, so he can keep it safe.

*'Good thing I used quite a bit from inside already, or it wouldn't have fit.'*

Walking around the room, Ben sees, through the window, the sunny day outside.

*'I should need to leave soon.'*

*[knock, knock]*

As Ben expected, not long after, someone appears to ask if he plans to attend the event.

"I will go," Ben confirms, wrapped in towels, undressed and wet.

*[clack]* the door closes again.

*'The book should take at least another week and a half. The need to sense carefully indeed slows me down much.'*

*'At least, now, I can finally have a few more insights corresponding to more standard cultivation. While I experimented a lot, the focus of most was quite one-dimensional. I saw no diversity since the day I decided to refine and enclosure my heart and brain. Afterward, my work was all about improving my choice. Anyway, not like I have a way to go back. What is done is done.'*

*'The sad part is, despite its marvelous explanation, I still wouldn't progress following Chloe recipes. While those insights can impact the ones starting to cultivate tremendously, one needs to be able to start. I was born with a constitution below average, probably in the lower 20%, if my statistics aren't excessively inaccurate. In the end, while people fill this world with life, not every random can cultivate. The standard system is too selective, and exploring new grounds is difficult. Maybe if we all could grow, the world would reach the level of high fantasy we dreamed of back on Earth. However, that may never become our case, and if my worst predictions are right, what awaits us may only be a cold dead end.'*

Ben gets ready and leaves the room, but his mind isn't focused on the auction at all. He was too preoccupied digesting the book, so much, he even subconsciously put his ever-growing anxiety from the last events under control.

Outside, Ben founds the same valet waiting for him. He was then led into the dining room.

< "Good morning! I will make sure to remember never to give you a book." > Ginn says, in a humorous tone.

< "Why not? Knowledge is power. Power! Power! Power!" > as Ben repeats the same word, his voice becomes deeper and deeper.

< "You still have time to join me for breakfast. The auction starts at nine only." >

< "Quite early, right?" >

< "Clearsky tends to make their events quite earlier, to avoid ending them when is getting dark." >

< "Are you joining too?" >

< "Nope, unfortunately. But, I will follow you to the building as I have a meeting with them today. Their young master passed in the city again, after completing some mission in the neighboring region." >

< "Ah, a meeting of young masters!" > Ben says, while raising his nose high and proud mimicking.

< "Really? Are you not letting it go? I am not one." > Ginn says, as he calmly drinks some red-ish juice.

< "Even if there is no old master, you can still be one. Your Dao heart only needs to be very strong!" > Ben says firmly, as he put his hand to his heart.

< "I follow the sword!" > After putting the cup down, Ginn moves his middle finger, imitating a sword. A small sharp aura appears around it.

< "No! I got an even better choice! You should become a ninja! You already have the eyes." > Ben covers one of his eyes, and then slowly uncovers it. However, his actions make him look more like a pirate than anything else.

< "What next? Are you going to say I am the demon king?" >

< "Nope, your atmosphere doesn't fit it. Maybe I could tho. To burn the world to ashes! Ho, HO HO! Then, you would go and build a Mecha to fight for justice. To save the world!" > His evil laugh sounds pathetic.

< "I feel, more and more, that you are only a kid in some old man's body. Are you lying to me?" > Ginn says, in a grave tone.
